[Music]
the 10 darkest secrets Disneyland
princesses have to keep wait did we just
use the word dark in the same sentence
as Disneyland the same Disneyland that's
a magical exciting place of Wonders for
both kids and adults alike well for the
princesses employed their work can be
pretty nightmarish for people who walk
around an amusement park for a living
being a Disneyland princess is no walk
in the park are you ready to know what
their life is really like then keep on
watching but before we put a damper on
all the magic and Wonder hit that
subscribe button and turn on post
notifications to be the first to see all
of our updates number 10
they can't break character this one
might seem kind of obvious but it's
still worth mentioning after the joyful
moment when you've finally been chosen
to be a Disneyland princess you don't
just start working right away before
anything else you go through a few weeks
of character training even if you've
seen all the cartoons with your
character thousands of times since you
were a kid you've got to go through this
step you should be ready to answer any
questions you might get asked plus you
shouldn't just look like your character
which can be achieved easily through the
right costume and makeup you should walk
talk and act exactly like them to
Disneyland princesses also aren't
allowed to reference any characters that
aren't a part of their story and they
can't show that they know anything about
life outside of the Disney World all of
this is done to make you feel like
you're really meeting and hanging out
with your favorite princess making the
experience even more marvelous and
believable
[Music]
number nine
they can't have tattoos tattoos are such
a popular thing to have these days that
you'd think this rule would have stayed
in the past and even though I personally
would love to see a be a look in aerial
rock and some tattoos
Disneyland's current policy wouldn't
allow it Disney's website gives more
details on the no wink rule for their
park employees explaining that tattoos
must only be done with the use of
clothing or makeup when required for a
character as you can probably guess any
sort of body piercing ages and
disfiguring skin implants are forbidden
as well of course these rules apply to
every Disney World Worker
not just the princesses man they should
at least do one day where everybody gets
a Punk at it don't you think
number eight
they can't choose what princess they're
gonna be the audition process we're
becoming a Disneyland princess is
incredibly complex and difficult the
most upsetting thing of all is that you
can't even choose which princess to
audition for if you want to be a Disney
princess you have to do an open audition
for any Disney World role including
princes princesses animal characters and
parade performers one former Disneyland
princess confess that the audition
process can take up to eight hours and
starts with grouping people based on
their height which should be between
five three and five seven body type and
appearance candidates then get
eliminated based on what roles need to
be filled and the elimination process is
pretty tough one former Disneyland
worker recounted how out of 500 girls
who auditioned one year only three were
hired for a job plus Disneyland looks
for different princesses at different
times and that's why some people have to
audition multiple times to get the part
you could make the perfect Cinderella
but won't get chosen because they're
looking for a Belle plus a person can
only audition once a year so it's not
uncommon when an individual can't get
the job for years they definitely have
more patience than I do
number seven they train to sign
autographs a lot of parents get their
kids a special book for their trip to
Disneyland so that they can get an
autograph and a picture with their
all-time favorite Disney Princess and
Disney World is serious about making
this experience as unforgettable and
real as possible all Disney Land
princesses have to go through autograph
training so that every signature looks
the same another thing is that there's
always more than one of each princess in
the same Park but don't worry
Disney World has several protocols to
make sure that the same princesses are
never within close proximity to each
other still to make it look and feel
like the real deal they all should look
very much alike and give the same
characters autograph so if you got an
autograph yesterday and your friend got
one five years ago you can be sure that
they're identical number six they can't
post about their job on social media
imagine becoming a Disneyland princess
and putting your costume on for the very
first time wouldn't you want to snap a
pic and show all your friends and family
on social media well when you're an
actual Disneyland princess you can't do
that Disney has a sort of oath of
confidentiality that includes strict
rules about their employees social media
accounts to put it short when you work
at Disney World you can't post anything
related to your job snap funny or
fascinating behind-the-scenes photos or
even reveal what character you portray
it sounds pretty harsh but if you think
about it it would kind of ruin the magic
if you see these fairy tale princesses
being just normal people of course we
know they're actresses but we still want
to believe the illusion right do you
agree with this rule or would seeing all
the backstage stuff not be a big deal to
you
let us know in the comments
number five they have code words for
emergencies even though Disneyworld is
supposed to be a magical place where
dreams come true it is still an
amusement park after all
so of course emergencies do happen
especially in a place filled with
excited children some kids actually pee
themselves or feel sick for instance but
as we've already mentioned Disneyland
characters including princesses aren't
allowed to break character no matter
what and that includes during
emergencies that's why Disney came up
with a set of secret codes they can use
instead of shouting for help and drawing
attention to the incident turning the
best day of a child's life into one of
the most embarrassing moments ever the
most frequently used codes are code V
for throwing up and code u for bathroom
incidents number four they must point
with two fingers all Disneyland
princesses have to point using two
fingers seems kind of random and
unnecessary right but there's a good
explanation for it Disney World is a
massive park visited each day by tons of
people from different cultures around
the world and in the happiest place on
earth everyone should feel included
pointing with one finger is actually
considered a really rude and offensive
gesture in China Japan Indonesia and
Latin America that's why if you ask any
Disneyland princess to help you find
something
she'll point you in the right direction
with two fingers this way of pointing is
also very helpful for little kids to see
what exactly is being pointed out even
the iconic partner statue you'll find at
the Magic Kingdom shows Walt Disney
holding Mickey Mouse's hand with one of
his and pointing off to the distance
with the other and yes he's using the
two finger point it's little details
like this that make the whole picture
perfect
[Music]
number three they have to pick up
garbage well that doesn't sound very
princess-like Hey
in this case Disney's policy is equal
for everybody all employees including
princesses must pick up any trash or
litter they see on the ground the
princesses do have their own special
requirement though they shouldn't bend
over or squat down to pick something up
the graceful and princess way to do it
is to just swoop and scoop maybe seeing
all the responsible Disneyland
characters picking up trash in the park
will teach the ones who litter to
respect this beautiful place and throw
the garbage in the bins themselves if
only number two their job can be
dangerous what could possibly go wrong
when you work as a Disneyland princess
believe it or not this fairy tale-like
career can be quite unsafe it's mostly
because of those amazing costumes we see
they might look outstanding but wearing
them is anything but comfortable
according to the Occupational Safety and
Health Administration character
performers across the four parks that
make up the walt disney world reported
773 total injuries in 2005 and while 49
of them were the result of costume heads
an astounding 107 of the total numbers
of injuries happened because of pushing
bullying and other forms of aggression
coming from guests it's also not
uncommon for princesses to have broken
knees or dislocated shoulders caused by
the weight of the wire frame under their
gorgeous gowns so all the princesses you
see in the park definitely aren't as
dainty as you think
number one they have no job security
getting a job at Disneyland is hard
enough but keeping it can be even more
challenging nobody knows how long
they'll be able to maintain their dream
Disneyland position the age restrictions
can be quite harsh and princesses
usually retire at twenty-seven years old
but this isn't the only factor that can
cost them their job
Disneyland princesses also have clickers
to keep track of the visitors they
interact with each hour and if this
number is less than 172 people which is
about 30 seconds per guests of princess
will get reprimanded and can even lose
her job another important fact is that
each Disneyland cast member has to Riyad
every six months to prove they're still
living up to Disney's expectations if a
princess's body dramatically changes or
her skin starts breaking out all of a
sudden she can easily lose her job so
being a Disneyland princess is anything
but a fairy tale lifestyle which of
these rules surprised you the most if
you were a Disney Prince princess or any
character for that matter which one
would you be tell us in the comments
below don't forget to give us a like and
click that subscribe button to stay on
the bright side of life